-today task 1*
- create a input?
  .with the help of javascript, prevent the copy from input.. .
  .select the input in javascript using getElementById and than apply a eventlistner to prevent the copy paste.
  .The variable e is typically used as an event object, representing the event that occurred when the 'paste' event is triggered.
-today task 2*
- difference between argument and parameter also a default parameter
  .parameter
   .parameter is a variable in function / also when function declare the argument also declare
  .argument
   .arumment is data or value that delcare when function is called
  .what if paramter is undefined?
   .when can check by if condition and than assign the value
  .default parameter is like when the value assign in the paremeter
- how many loops are available in javascript
  .7 loop exist in javascript
-today task 3*
-how many types of loop exsit in javascript?
 .def: repeats a particular block of code for a valid condition.
 there are 7 kinds of loops that exist in javascript
 .while loop
  .Every time before executing the block of code the condition gets checked.
 .do while
  .the block of code gets executed at least once
- for loop
  .the for loop and the while loop exactly work the same.
  .for loop has everything in one line,
  .like increment and decrement  also the condition
  .so the for loop has more better readability
  .also reduce the change of error
- forEach()
  .forEach method take a function as a parameter
  .than function has three parameter
  .1: current value /hold the present value that are being processed
  .2: the current index/ that are being passed
  .3: the complete array
- map()
  .create new array
  .haveing a return value
  .generated by function
  .over the give array
- for in loop
  .This one has been developed mainly to iterate over the properties of an object. 
- for of
- main differnce
  .The for...in statement iterates over the enumerable string properties
  .for...of statement iterates over values that the iterable object defines to be iterated over.
- broswer API
  .application programming interface
  .set of protocol and defination which connect two software.
  .set of instruction that help computer to talk
  .API make easy for one program to use the feature of another program.
  


